feat: update py-rattler readme (#715)
mamba-org/rattler: py-rattler/docs/index.md

With the primary goal in mind we aim to provide bindings to different languages to make it easy to integrate Rattler in non-rust projects.
Py-rattler is the python bindings for rattler.

## Quick-Start

Let's see an example to learn some of the functionality the library has to offer.

```python
--8<-- "examples\solve_and_install.py"
```

Py-rattler provides friendly high level functions to download dependencies and create environments.

> This is done through for instance the `solve` and `install` functions.

Reviewer: there is a bit of word doubling going on here ("done through for instance")

Author: ```suggestion
The `solve` and `install` functions are excellent examples of such high-level functions.
```
Something like this?
